[WIP] Support recording and replay service (#1414)
ros2/rosbag2: docs/message_definition_encoding.md

## `ros2msg` encoding

> This encoding consists of definitions in [.msg](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/About-ROS-Interfaces.html#message-description-specification) and [.srv](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/Basic/About-Interfaces.html#services) format, concatenated together in human-readable form with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This encoding consists of definitions in [.msg](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/Basic/About-Interfaces.html#messages) and [.srv](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/Basic/About-Interfaces.html#services) format, concatenated together in human-readable form with
```

Author: Even though that part hasn't been modified, it should be in a uniform format. 
Update it.
